FOOL;0;Major;Null;upright;The exhileration of new beginnings and adventures. The Fool encourages an open mind and curiosity, though cynicism may paint this as idealistic behavior.;Like all new things, the intoxication of discovery can leave one careless and foolish. Skill and knowledge must first be learned through the chaos of mistakes.!MAGICIAN;1;Major;Null;upright;A master of manifestation, the Magician is the symbol of willpower and skill. Aspire to dreams and goals under this card's resourceful hand.;By the Magician's same hand, talent can be wasted. An opportunity missed. Consider also that manipulation could be at play, either of yourself or others.!HIGH PRIESTESS;2;Major;Null;upright;Embrace spiritual knowledge and trust intuition through the High Priestess. Though her secrets are many, hers is the voice of your inner thoughts.;The High Priestess warns you not to be swayed by illusions of gossip or propaganda. Look deeper for hidden motives and root out cognitive dissonance.!EMPRESS;3;Major;Null;upright;An icon of the divine feminine, the Empress cultivates fertility in family life as well as in creative endeavors.;Insecurity may entice you to gawk at other's work instead focusing on your own. The Empress reminds you to step back to reassess creative block and respect your mind and body's need to rest.!EMPEROR;4;Major;Null;upright;The Emperor promotes stability, discipline, and good morale among themselves and others. Such are the aspirations of a good leader.;A tyrant clings to power and control. The Emperor knows that a rigid tree is doomed to fall.!HIEROPHANT;5;Major;Null;upright;The Hierophant upholds established beliefs and values through study, observation, and teaching in turn.;The beliefs and systems upheld by the Heirophant can become an obstacle if adhered to too stringently.!LOVERS;6;Major;Null;upright;In the Lovers is both the ideal of harmony in all relationships, but also the value of choice. To know and bond with yourself is to build equally strong bonds with others.;When the Lover are in discord, the disruption could be from within just as much as without. Step back and be honest with yourself about the situation.!CHARIOT;7;Major;Null;upright;The Chariot inspires you to action. Use the tools at hand to spark determination to reach your goals.;The Chariot has reached a dead end. Step back and assess before lack of motivation or a desperate decision upends your plans.!STRENGTH;8;Major;Null;upright;A hammer is only as good as the skill and confidence of its wielder. Strength grows from what is within us.;Unexpected fear or anger can upset the sense of balance in ourselves. Feed your Strength lest corruption and insecurity rule your actions.!HERMIT;9;Major;Null;upright;The Hermit wanders in solitude to hone the knowledge of others into personal insight. Your inner voice cannot be heard if there is a constant distraction in your ear.;When the Hermit is lost, the solitude itself can become the very distraction or obstacle you sought to avoid.!WHEEL OF FORTUNE;10;Major;Null;upright;To spin the Wheel of Fortune is to know life: good, bad, larger than just yourself. To exist is to be ever-changing.;The Wheel of Fortune has turned for the worst. Consider if what you cling to is pulling you down. Or perhaps you have allowed the ship to steer itself for too long.!JUSTICE;11;Major;Null;upright;Whether consequence or vindication, Justice will rule carefully and fairly. Act in accordance to this knowledge.;Lies and denial blinds Justice to the truth of the matter. Do not let it blind you as well.!HANGED MAN;12;Major;Null;upright;The Hanged Man sees what you cannot: the path forward is straight ahead. A sacrifice or change of view may be necessary so you can see it too.;Indecision is holding you back. Or perhaps you feel you've exhausted yourself with nothing to show for it. Take a cue from The Hanged Man to adjust your view on things before you're too tired to redirect.!DEATH;13;Major;Null;upright;For Death, an end is never The End. With the closing of one chapter comes the opening of the next. Transformation is embraced with open arms.;Fear of Death comes from grieving over what is lost. A inability to let go of what was can stall the coming of what will be.!TEMPERANCE;14;Major;Null;upright;A balanced perspective and care when approaching situations awards Temperance with harmony.;Amidst over-indulgence and drama, Temperance implores us to return to a state of balance. Remain calm and be open to other perspectives.!DEVIL;15;Major;Null;upright;The Devil may seek a sense of control with material gains or hedonistic distractions, but this will only dig the hole you're in deeper.;Even with a thousand material distractions around you, occasionally you catch your breath and realize the hole you've dug yourself into. The best time to break free of The Devil's grip is now.!TOWER;16;Major;Null;upright;When the Tower breaks, destruction and chaos follows. Whether things turn out for the better depends on how well you rebuild.;A narrow miss or an omen on the horizon leaves you safe but uncertain. Do what you can to stay clear of the falling Tower.!STAR;17;Major;Null;upright;The Star brings light after the storm has died down. The hope and strength that saw you through comes now with a sense of peace that you will carry on.;Life is chaotic and overwhelming. When hope is lost, find a north Star in your life you can follow to safety.!MOON;18;Major;Null;upright;The Moon casts long shadows in which we see our fears, both real and imagined. Its dim light forces us to slow down, lest we miss important truths and understanding.;You have waded through the uncertain dark of night, and now the Moon peeks out from behind clouds to brighten the way. Your knowledge of the path comes from within.!SUN;19;Major;Null;upright;The outlook is bright under the joyful radiance of the Sun. Its warmth draws success and community to you.;When the Sun is reversed, you struggle to see the reality of things: whether things are brighter than you think, or that a storm looms on the horizon.!JUDGEMENT;20;Major;Null;Judgement demands insight and self reflection of you. The decisions you make will have a lasting impact.;A harsh inner critic and self-doubt can harm our journey forward. Even Judgement a kind, forgiving inner voice.!WORLD;21;Major;Null;upright;When the last piece falls into place, and the last step in a journey is completed, the World becomes whole.;Something has been left undone. Find the loose ends to achieve balance in your World.!KING OF WANDS;14;Minor;Wands;upright;The King of Wands understands the value of a good idea from any source and has the foresight to lead an endeavor to success.;The reversed King of Wands warns against hasty decisions and overconfidence. Lead not at the expense of those who follow.!QUEEN OF WANDS;13;Minor;Wands;upright;The Queen of Wands calls for boldness and courage in your undertakings. You know who you are, so own it.;The reversed Queen of Wands reminds you not to be so bold that you give way to greed and selfishness. Aim to right the balance where needed.!KNIGHT OF WANDS;12;Minor;Wands;The Knight of Wands ignites the spark of a new idea, or urge to encounter knew experiences. Answer the call of adventure.;The reversed Knight of Wands points to a plateau of effort, creative block, or obstacles outside of your control. Search for an alternate path.!PAGE OF WANDS;11;Minor;Wands;upright;The Page of Wands may falter in the face of a new but exciting adventure. Mastery comes from embracing mistakes.;The reversed Page of Wands often dreams, but dreams are immaterial is nothing is done with them. Transform your thoughts into actions.!TEN OF WANDS;10;Minor;Wands;upright;The Ten of Wands sees success that comes with new responsibilities. Don't forget to rest.;The reversed Ten of Wands reveals an unequal share of burdens and responsibilities. Be more willing to delegate or better yet, rid yourself of these unecessary burdens entirely.!NINE OF WANDS;9;Minor;Wands;upright;Through the Nine of Wands shines hope in the face of adversity.;The reversed Nine of Wands reveals discouragement or an overly cautious nature stand in the way of your goals for yourself.!EIGHT OF WANDS;8;Minor;Wands;upright;With the Eight of Wands comes the dynamic energy to keep you moving forward. Go with the flow and use this momentum to see plans to fruition.;Stalled out motivation or haste that could result in mistakes often accompanies the reversed Eight of Wands.!SEVEN OF WANDS;7;Minor;Wands;upright;The Seven of Wands warns you that achievement and power can draw an envious eye. Stay dedicated to your work and be prepared to defend yourself if necessary.;When the Seven of Wands is turned on its head, you feel overhwelmed and pressured from others in new roles and responsibilities. What actions can you take to weather the siege?!SIX OF WANDS;6;Minor;Wands;upright;The Six of Wands stands confident in achievement and in the acknowledgement given for them.;When self doubt clouds the way, or urges you to deny your achievements, the reversed Six of Wands demands you step up to the challenge.!FIVE OF WANDS;5;Minor;Wands;upright;In the midst of battle, the Five of Wands fights to be heard. Clear misunderstandings and squabbles to forge ahead.;When the Five of Wands is reversed, the battle happens within you. Don't avoid this inner conflict and seek to realign yourself with your values and goals.!FOUR OF WANDS;4;Minor;Wands;upright;The Four of Wands celebrates family and stability. Reach out to someone with a gesture of love.;The reversed Four of Wands acknowledges an achievement of a more personal nature. Or perhaps there has been a breakdown of communication within the family.!THREE OF WANDS;3;Minor;Wands;upright;The Three of Wands knows the secret to success is a stable foundation. Widen your horizons from a place of security.;While the reversed Three of Wands can encourage caution in taking opportunities, do not sit so long with your decisions that those opportunities pass you by.!TWO OF WANDS;2;Minor;Wands;upright;The Two of Wands carries the passion of new ideas with the mature hand of someone who knows how to balance the daydream with practical application and planning.;The reversed Two of Wands is a reminder to check in with personal priorities, to gaze past what is directly in front of you and consider long term goals.!ACE OF WANDS;1;Minor;Wands;upright;The Ace of Wands is your passion revealed, your inner voice heard, a resounding "Yes" to your query of "Should I...?";The reversed Ace of Wands can reveal a dream gone stale, an idea that trails off into uncertainty. A reimagining, or patience to see the big picture, is needed.!KING OF CUPS;14;Minor;Cups;upright;The King of Cups holds control over his emotions not by brute force but a mature connection to them, knowing when to feel deeply and when to think clearly. He can be a welcome presence in your life, he could even be you.;The reversed King of Cups has lost his grip on his emotions by grasping too tightly. Guidance is ignored and manipulation undermines the very goals you seek to achieve.!QUEEN OF CUPS;13;Minor;Cups;upright;The Queen of Cups holds compassion and nurturing energy for those around her. She can be a welcome presence in your life, she could even be you.;The reversed Queen of Cups desires to pull away from the needs of others to focus on pouring into yourself.!KNIGHT OF CUPS;12;Minor;Cups;upright;The Knight of Cups charms others with intuition and support of others' emotions. You are thriving in the reciprocal energy and creativity.;The reversed Knight of Cups allows emotions to hold too strong a sway in their interactions and decisions, if not avoiding conflict entirely.!PAGE OF CUPS;11;Minor;Cups;upright;The Page of Cups is excitement and creativity gone wild. There will be a need to reign in your ideas but for now let inspiration push you through the first few steps.;The reversed Page of Cups fears stolen ideas,creative block, or lacks the courage to try something new.!TEN OF CUPS;10;Minor;Cups;upright;The Ten of Cups brings contentment and happiness, especially when it come to family and community.;The reversed Ten of cups reveals a family or community strained or broken. A relative crossess boundaries or you struggle to see eye to eye with a neighbor.!NINE OF CUPS;9;Minor;Cups;upright;The Nine of Cups holds the wealth and fulfillment of connections made, goals achieved, and wishes coming true.;The reversed Nine of Cups feels empty even as they overflow. Feeling that something is missing in spite of abundance may require a new point or view or a realignment of priorities.!EIGHT OF CUPS;8;Minor;Cups;upright;The Eight of Cups sits at the center of a situation that leaves you disappointed and unfulfilled. The question is: have you mustered the courage to walk away or have you simply escaped temporarily into a distraction.;When the Eight of Cups is reversed, the way out feels just as difficult or important as the situation at hand. The only way out may be through. Or perhaps a leap of faith is at hand.!SEVEN OF CUPS;7;Minor;Cups;upright;The Seven of Cups displays the bounty of choice and opportunity. Be wary, the excitement of choice can give way to wishful thinking and plans growing beyond what is practical.;The reversed Seven of Cups sits overwhelmed by choice. Or perhaps the hesitant knowledge that, despite others' excitement, the choice must be grounded in reality.!SIX OF CUPS;6;Minor;Cups;upright;The Six of Cups recalls fond memories, healing from the hope that past joys can give you. Indulging your inner child from time to time can be healthy.;The reversed Six of Cups clings too strongly to an idyllic past. Resistance to growth and change makes the path through life more difficult than it needs to be.!FIVE OF CUPS;5;Minor;Cups;upright;The Five of Cups commiserates over regret and situations that don't turn out as planned. Do not dwell here so long you miss new opportunities.;The reversed Five of Cups reminds us that just because we suffer disappointment doesn't mean things can't improve. Learn from your mistakes—perhaps you can turn a bad situation in your favor.!FOUR OF CUPS;4;Minor;Cups;upright;The Four of Cups indicates dissatisfaction with life, or perhaps the opportunities presented feel like the right thing at the wrong time. Change is necessary break free of this rut.;The reverse Four of Cups strikes with inspiration, where apathy and creative block may have been before.!THREE OF CUPS;3;Minor;Cups;upright;Reunion, friendship, collaboration. The Three of Cups celebrates the happiness and energy brought by coming together.;When the Three of Cups is reversed, the social dynamics of a group may crumble, schedules and energy may block quality time together, or perhaps you simply need a moment to yourself.!TWO OF CUPS;2;Minor;Cups;upright;The Two of Cups finds its power in the strength of union. Seek a connection built on trust and mutual respect, whether it be with a friend, lover, or business partner.;The reversed Two of Cups reflects a relationship suffering by either the actions of the other, or projection from within causing conflict.!ACE OF CUPS;1;Minor;Cups;upright;The Ace of Cups welcomes you to open yourself to emotional outpouring from others and new relationships. Let your cup be filled, and fill others' cups in turn.;Internal compassion and self love is the lesson for the reversed Ace of Cups. Emotional instability may be solved by focusing on yourself first.!KING OF SWORDS;14;Minor;Swords;upright;The King of Swords knows the best decisions are made by piercing through the heart of the matter to reveal the truth, even if it ruffles some feathers.;The reversed King of Swords can be a quiet, powerful guide that doesn't need the spotlight to do their job. Alternatively, power has inflated the ego and actions turn selfish and manipulative.!QUEENS OF SWORDS;13;Minor;Swords;upright;The Queen of Swords may be stern, but she mentors with confidence and knows the value of a decision made pragmatically.;The reversed Queen of Swords has fooled herself into believing her normally logical decisions are not being driven by emotion and bitterness.!KNIGHT OF SWORDS;12;Minor;Swords;upright;The Knight of Swords holds such zeal for their ideas, they are blind to unintended consequences of their actions.;The reversed Knight of Swords struggles to channel energy and motivation for an idea. Stalling and rash decisions abound in equal measure.!PAGE OF SWORDS;11;Minor;Swords;upright;The Page of Swords overflows with ideas and a drive to explore new skills and ways of thinking.;The reversed Page of Swords wields their sword with as much potential for destruction as for creation.!TEN OF SWORDS;10;Minor;Swords;upright;The Ten of Swords strike swift with betrayal, failure, or the end of something you hoped to save. Acceptance and letting go is crucial to survival.;The reversed Ten of Swords carries the same tragedy and failure you could not avoid, but rock bottom helps to orient you. The climb out is yours alone.!NINE OF SWORDS;9;Minor;Swords;upright;The Nine of Swords pierce your mind like the dark thoughts and worries keeping you up at night. You have been here before. Do you remember the way out?;The reversed Nine of Swords can feel like a shameful prison when you have allowed fear and anxiety to spiral. Reach out to others and remember your tools to break free.!EIGHT OF SWORDS;8;Minor;Swords;upright;The Eight of Swords form an incomplete cage around you. You may feel trapped but a route of escape exists.;The reversed Eight of Swords knows the swords cannot keep you trapped. Self-acceptance and recognition of your own power gives you control over the situation, even if to everyone else you seem trapped.!SEVEN OF SWORDS;7;Minor;Swords;upright;The Seven of Swords attempts to hide its actions behind trickery. If they are your own actions, be sure they are worth the potential consequences if caught.;The reversed Seven of Swords sees a stranger in the mirror. Self doubt and other inner deceits will only hold you back.!SIX OF SWORDS;6;Minor;Swords;upright;The Six of Swords leaves behind what is known for new horizons. Excitement is tempered by the strain of change.;The reversed Six of Swords yearns for change that is held back by your own hand.!FIVE OF SWORDS;5;Minor;Swords;upright;The Five of Swords mourns the loss from a fight. Even winning feels hollow. It's time to pick up the pieces.;The reversed Five of Swords wages a war headed for loss on all sides. Retreat and letting go may be the only path frorward.!FOUR OF SWORDS;4;Minor;Swords;upright;The Four of Swords rests in preparation for what is to come, whether it is an obstacle or opportunity.;The reversed Four of Swords warns you to not ignore your body and mind's need for rest, especially if you feel like you're getting nowhere.!THREE OF SWORDS;3;Minor;Swords;upright;The Three of Swords strikes at your most painful feelings of betrayal and discouragement. It's okay to cry it out, then let the practicality of your mind guide you.;The reversed Three of Swords has left you drowning in your heartbreak and discouragement. Your mind is your innermost friend—remind it to be kind to yourself.!TWO OF SWORDS;2;Minor;Swords;upright;The Two of Swords has you locked in a stalemate. Other cards in your hand may clarify the nature and how you can proceed.;With the reversed Two of Swords the stakes of this stalemate are greater and the consequences of each choice makes them feel as if none of them is the right one.!ACE OF SWORDS;1;Minor;Swords;upright;The Ace of Swords heralds a breakthrough, especially in areas of intellect, skill, and truth.;The reversed Ace of Swords stumbles toward a goal. Double check your work and remember that skill requires practice.!KING OF PENTACLES;14;Minor;Pentacles;upright;The King of Pentacles maintains the wealth enjoyed by those around them. Through his guidance other's are inspired to action.;The reversed King of Pentacles' hold on wealth turns greedy and controlling. Monetary famine is just as possible as social exile.!QUEEN OF PENTACLES;13;Minor;Pentacles;upright;The Queen of Pentacles nurtures the wealth of the home and family. Not all material success is financial.;The reversed Queen of Pentacles continues the upkeep of her home but it is often out of ego and a preoccupation of what others think of her. !KNIGHT OF PENTACLES;12;Minor;Pentacles;upright;The Knight of Pentacles is the literal workhorse behind success. Every lofty goal relies on a foundation of daily success.;The reversed Knight of Pentacles must struggle out of bad habits toward practices that lead to success.!PAGE OF PENTACLES;11;Minor;Pentacles;upright;The Page of Pentacles carries ambition in their new journey toward wealth.;The reversed Page of Pentacles may dream of wealthy goals, but lacks the focus or assurance to move forward.!TEN OF PENTACLES;10;Minor;Pentacles;upright;The Ten of Pentacles reveals the rewards of a career path, inheritance, or some other long term effort.;The reversed Ten of Pentacles warns of future financial issues, or that the payout for work your doing now needs double checking to remain secure.!NINE OF PENTACLES;9;Minor;Pentacles;upright;The Nine of Pentacles enjoys the fruits of hard labor. Treat yourself.;The reversed Nine of Pentacles betrays insecurity beneath a veneer of wealth, whether that is financial or personal.!EIGHT OF PENTACLES;8;Minor;Pentacles;upright;The Eight of Pentacles shows the path from apprenticeship to proficiency. Diligence will bring the skills and positions you seek.;The reversed Eight of Pentacles sees growth and skill smothered under the weight of perfectionism.!SEVEN OF PENTACLES;7;Minor;Pentacles;upright;The Seven of Pentacles plants and toils with the knowledge that with time comes greater rewards.;The reversed Seven of Pentacles yields fewer rewards than expect for the effort. Evaluate if your time and energy is worth reinvesting.!SIX OF PENTACLES;6;Minor;Pentacles;upright;The Six of Pentacles greets you from a position of wealth and the generosity to share it with others.;The reversed Six of Pentacles may be a loan given that you should not expect back. Or perhaps a debt that needs your attention to pay off.!FIVE OF PENTACLES;5;Minor;Pentacles;upright;The Five of Pentacles foretells a time of hardship and insecurity, both materially and emotionally.;The reversed Five of Pentacles shows the light at the end of the tunnel after a time of hardship and insecurity. !FOUR OF PENTACLES;4;Minor;Pentacles;upright;The Four of Pentacles collects success and wealth. Take care such things do not become the only thing you value.;The reversed Four of Pentacles reveals the greed by which you achieved wealth and success. Clinging too hard to material things will push away community.!THREE OF PENTACLES;3;Minor;Pentacles;upright;The Three of Pentacles achieves success through collaboration. Know your strengths and let others carry the load with you.;The reversed Three of Pentacles struggles under a lack of balanced workloads. Communicate with others before you collapse under the weight.!TWO OF PENTACLES;2;Minor;Pentacles;upright;The Two of Pentacles balances your responsibilities on a thin margin. You choices and how you prioritize will dictact how well you juggle.;The reversed Two of Pentacles show responsibilities at risk of toppling to the ground. Unburden yourself before you drop everything.!ACE OF PENTACLES;1;Minor;Pentacles;upright;The Ace of Pentacles marks a beginning, especially in the realm of employment, health, and finance.;The reversed Ace of Pentacles reveals an opportunity ask risk of slipping through your hands, especially in the realm of employment, health, and finance.